# befull-coin
BFC（BeFullCoin) is the official token of BeFull Community , the world’s largest EOS-based Chinese community. 

The values of BFC are created by each member of the BEFULL community, who devote their attention and time to the construction of the community to ensure the operation of the BEFULL economy. BFC is the Token of the BEFULL economy, so the prosperity of the BEFULL economy is inextricably linked to the prosperity of the BFC value. 

In BFC, the BEFULL community assigns equal amounts of BFC to individuals who contribute to the BEFULL community, based on the degree of construction proof (PROOF OF CONTRIBUTION,POC). As an important evidence of public trust in BEFULL's economic system, BFC,can be divided and transferred. It is the consideration benchmark of any consumption scene in BEFULL's economic system, which is the external use value and commodity attribute of BFC. 

At the same time, BFC also has a wide range of application scenarios and free circulation of Token in the economic system of BEFULL. This is the intrinsic value and circulation of BFC. BFC's native digital encryption security Utility Token is the main component of the BEFULL ecosystem, designed initially to be used only for the main Token. on the platform. 

BFC is a non-refundable functional Utility Token that will be used as an exchange unit between BEFULL participants. The purpose of introducing BFC is to provide convenient and secure payment and settlement among participants who exchange within the BEFULL ecosystem. BFC does not in any way represent the foundation, the seller, its affiliates or any other company and the enterprise or any equity, participation, right, ownership or interest in the enterprise. BFC also does not authorize the holder of the token to incur any fees, dividends, income, profit or return on investment and does not constitute a security in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. BFC can only be used on BEFULL, and ownership of BFC does not contain any express or implied rights, except for the right to use BFC as a means of enabling the use and exchange of BEFULL, and the seller of the issue and sale of BFC shall be a subsidiary of the Foundation. 

The total amount of BFCToken issued was 1 billion. In BEFULL, it will be released quantitatively year by year, and a destruction mechanism will be launched after the ecological system is cleaned up to maintain a fixed total of no more than 1 billion pieces. Among them, 50% of the total amount will be mined by commercial ecological task, 30% by commercial ecological task, 5% by BEFULL ecological fund for poverty alleviation, 5% by institutional cooperation and 10% by community support.
